Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedthe-following-programming-problem-can-be-solved-by-a-program
<br>
Instructions: The following programming problem can be solved by a program that uses three basic tasks–Input Data, Process Data, and Output Results. To process the data, use file, looping, array, decision, accumulating, counting, find min/max and sorting techniques.First, create an MS Word document containing a hierarchy chart and a data flow diagram to organize your program modules. Second, create a pseudocode program using Notepad++ to solve this problem. Third, create the program with RAPTOR.You MUST use Modular Programming techniques by using SubModules (Sub Charts in RAPTOR) in your program. Your “main” module should not be very large.NEVER call “main” from inside your program. Also, do not use “recursion” in this program (submodules that call themselves). You are onlyallowed to use looping techniques to repeat sections of your submodules.Problem StatementLedger’s Furniture Store has 10 salespeople. Ledger’s wants toproduce a combined monthly sales report for all salespeople. Ledger’s wants you to write a program that will allow them to enter data in any order, save the unsorted data to a file, and then produce a file in alphabetical order by name of the salespeople.The unsorted output file should be named “sales_unsorted.txt” and the sorted file should be named “sales_sorted.txt”.Your unsorted file output should include:•A list of the salespeople’s names and the monthly sales for each of them.Your sorted file output should include:•A list of the salespeople’s name and the monthly sales for each of them.•At the bottom of the report, list the following:-The total combined sales for all salespeople.-The average sales for all salespeople.-The salesperson with the lowest sales for the month.-The salesperson with the highest sales for the month.You must submit the unsorted and sorted files with your RAPTOR program to show that your program ran correctly.Here is your sample test data to use with your program. This is to be typed in as user input.SalespersonMonthly SalesJoan $ 1525Bob $ 1935Lisa $ 2550Tina $ 1745Corey $ 3025Chummily $ 1420Rick $ 4560Nancy $ 2645Holly $ 1489Frank $ 4450Do not worry about the formatting ofyour output files since RAPTOR does not support formatting controls.The unsorted file should look similar to this:Joan Sales: $ 1525Bob Sales: $ 1935Lisa Sales: $ 2550Tina Sales: $ 1745Corey Sales: $ 3025Chummily Sales: $ 1420Rick Sales: $ 4560Nancy Sales: $ 2645Holly Sales: $ 1489Frank Sales: $ 4450The sorted File should look similar to this:Bob Sales: $ 1935Chummily Sales: $1420Corey Sales: $3025Frank Sales: $4450Holly Sales:$1489Joan Sales :$ 1525Lisa Sales :$2550Nancy Sales: $2645Rick Sales: $4560Tina Sales: $1745======================Total Sales: $ XXXXXAverage Sales: $ XXXXSalesperson with Lowest Sales: nameSalesperson with Highest Sales: nameOther Requirements:•Documentation: Use the “Comments” feature to document each symbol in the flowchart. You do this by right-clicking the symbol and selecting “Comment.” Be sure to identify the data type of each variable usedin your comments. Be sure to explain what each formula and function does. Be sure to explain what each of the other symbols in the flowchart does in a comment.•Test and debug your Program: Use the sample input data, run the program, then check your answers with a calculator or Excel. If something did not match up, then fix your program.•Program must execute and produce correct output.•Read this page again to be sure you covered